Afghanistan's dream run in the Cricket World Cup includes victories against former champions England, Pakistan and Sri Lanka. Tuesday's defeat to Australia may have dented their semi-final hopes, but the stunning campaign of players from a war-weary nation whose government nobody recognises has captured the cricketing world's attention and brought joy to fans.

At the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai on Tuesday, Afghanistan were poised to create another miracle.

The youthful team - 11 of their 15 players are under the age of 25 - playing only their third ODI World Cup, had Australia on the ropes. They had reduced the five-time world champions, chasing a target of 292, to a precarious 91 for seven wickets.

But then the miracle changed hands. Braving cramps, Australia's swashbuckling batter Glenn Maxwell took his team to a stunning win with an unbeaten double hundred, a feat of fearless hitting and human endurance.
The incident that angered City happened when Haaland was fouled in the fifth minute of stoppage time, managing to regain his footing to swivel and send Jack Grealish clear.
And former Arsenal defender Martin Keown believes the champions are "in a mini crisis", telling BBC Match of the Day "they look vulnerable".

Leon Bailey's 74th-minute deflected shot gave Villa a deserved victory - one which meant City dropped to fourth in the table, behind Villa, Liverpool and Arsenal.

With so many challengers emerging, is City's crown starting to slip after three successive titles?
"Really disappointed. Cricket is a funny game, it was unbelievable," Afghanistan captain Hashmatullah Shahidi told media after the match.

But it's Afghanistan's rise in one-day international cricket that has been more unbelievable for the team and their fans alike.

Before 2023, Afghanistan had secured only one victory across two World Cup tournaments after their qualification in 2015. Now they have won four, including one each against defending champions England and Pakistan, where some of the Afghan players first encountered the game as refugees.

"Their progress has been sensational. What Afghanistan has done in 25 years, climbing from the bottom of the qualifying leagues to almost making it to the semis of a World Cup, other teams take 60-70 years," Sidharth Monga, a senior cricket writer at ESPNcricinfo, told the BBC.
What is COP28 and where is it?
COP28 is the 28th annual United Nations (UN) climate meeting where governments will discuss how to limit and prepare for future climate change.

The summit is being held in Dubai, in the United Arab Emirates (UAE), from 30 November until 12 December 2023.

COP stands for "Conference of the Parties", where the "parties" are the countries that signed up to the original UN climate agreement in 1992.
